darren/googlecloudtts/exception/ApiException.java
 darren.googlecloudtts.exception.ApiException
darren/googlecloudtts/GoogleCloudTTS.java
 darren.googlecloudtts.GoogleCloudTTS
darren/googlecloudtts/exception/ApiResponseFailException.java
 darren.googlecloudtts.exception.ApiResponseFailException
darren/googlecloudtts/api/SynthesizeApiImpl.java
 darren.googlecloudtts.api.SynthesizeApiImpl
darren/googlecloudtts/parameter/AudioEncoding.java
 darren.googlecloudtts.parameter.AudioEncoding
darren/googlecloudtts/model/VoicesList.java
 darren.googlecloudtts.model.VoicesList
darren/googlecloudtts/api/SynthesizeApi.java
 darren.googlecloudtts.api.SynthesizeApi
darren/googlecloudtts/parameter/SynthesisInput.java
 darren.googlecloudtts.parameter.SynthesisInput
darren/googlecloudtts/api/VoicesApi.java
 darren.googlecloudtts.api.VoicesApi
darren/googlecloudtts/response/VoicesResponse.java
 darren.googlecloudtts.response.VoicesResponse
 darren.googlecloudtts.response.VoicesResponse$Voices
darren/googlecloudtts/GoogleCloudTTSFactory.java
 darren.googlecloudtts.GoogleCloudTTSFactory
darren/googlecloudtts/parameter/AudioConfig.java
 darren.googlecloudtts.parameter.AudioConfig
darren/googlecloudtts/GoogleCloudAPIConfig.java
 darren.googlecloudtts.GoogleCloudAPIConfig
darren/googlecloudtts/util/GsonUtil.java
 darren.googlecloudtts.util.GsonUtil
 darren.googlecloudtts.util.GsonUtil$1
 darren.googlecloudtts.util.GsonUtil$2
darren/googlecloudtts/exception/OutOfScopeException.java
 darren.googlecloudtts.exception.OutOfScopeException
darren/googlecloudtts/api/VoicesApiImpl.java
 darren.googlecloudtts.api.VoicesApiImpl
darren/googlecloudtts/request/SynthesizeRequest.java
 darren.googlecloudtts.request.SynthesizeRequest
darren/googlecloudtts/response/SynthesizeResponse.java
 darren.googlecloudtts.response.SynthesizeResponse
darren/googlecloudtts/parameter/VoiceSelectionParams.java
 darren.googlecloudtts.parameter.VoiceSelectionParams
darren/googlecloudtts/parameter/SsmlVoiceGender.java
 darren.googlecloudtts.parameter.SsmlVoiceGender
darren/googlecloudtts/BuildConfig.java
 darren.googlecloudtts.BuildConfig
